
The input path:
    If you want to deal with some songs, enter the path to their root folder.
    All functions will be called once for each folder inside the original one.
    But if you want to search inside lyrics files, enter the path
    to the folder containing lyrics text files.

2.Auto regularize songs:
    Set file name and some tags of songs.
    The artist and folder names should either be provided manually
    for each folder, or they can be gathered from the folder's name.
    For that to work, the folder's name should be in one of these formats (without quotes):
    - for an album: "artist - album"
    - for an artist's songs: "artist"
    Tags that will be edited are: Title, Album Artist, Album & Track Number
    Songs' file names will be composed using the title, artist, and track number.
    If other collaborators of the song are listed
    in the artist tag (separated by comma) you will be prompted
    to choose how they should be included in the file name.
    Example: 01 Under Pressure_Queen_David Bowie (Remastered 2011).mp3

3.Set lyrics:
    Lyrics will be searched for and added to all songs inside the entered folder
    and all folders inside it, recursively.
    After it's finished, you can see the number of successful
    and failed lyrics attachments.

4.Edit lyrics:
    One by one, the lyrics of the songs will be written down
    in the 'lyrics_editor.txt' file and you can edit them manually.
    You should open the file and edit the lyrics as you want.
    After you are done, save the file and press enter in the terminal
    to save the song and move to the next one.

5.Create lyrics file:
    for each folder inside the entered folder, a text file containing
    lyrics of its songs will be generated.
    You can provide a path for storing these text files. If you don't specify
    one, each lyrics file will be placed in the folder next to its songs.

6.Search in lyrics:
    The entered folder will be searched for lyrics files to search
    a phrase in all of them.
